Israelis are
on the streets
protesting, demanding
a cease fire agreement
after defense officials
said they recovered the bodies of six
Israeli hostages murdered by Hamas,
including Israeli-American Hirsh
Goldberg, Poland, who was 23 years old.
An IDF spokesman said
Hamas brutally killed the six
young adults
in an underground tunnel
near Rafah,
a short time before
Israeli forces arrived.
Three of them would have been released
in the early stages
of a ceasefire agreement,
two Israeli officials told CNN.
An agreement,
President Biden said last night
was on the verge of happening,
while Vice
President Harris released a statement
that reads, in part,
the threat Hamas poses
to the people of Israel
and American citizens in Israel
must be eliminated
and Hamas cannot control Gaza.
The Palestinian people, too,
have suffered under Hamas
rule for nearly two decades.
Here with me
now is IDF spokesman
Lieutenant Colonel Nadav Shoshana.
Thank you so much for being here.
We are so incredibly devastated.
for for Israel,
for all of the families.
it's just hard to even imagine
how much pain everybody is in.
And as a spokesperson for the IDF,
I'd like for you to explain
exactly what happened
when these six bodies
were found.
Thank you.
Thank you for having me.
This is,
a very sad morning in Israel.
Very sad news
coming out of the Gaza Strip. And,
announcing today
after we were able
to talk to the families
and inform them about
finding the bodies of their loved ones.
these were six people
that were taken on October 7th, and,
in our operations in Lofa,
in an underground tunnel.
We found their bodies,
and we thought
we brought them back to Israel.
We examined them,
and we found that they were,
murdered by Hamas recently.
and we were able to inform the families
about it
and share the news
today, the very,
very sad news about them.
And and just to be clear, just because
we're obviously,
trying to get information about exactly
how this this happened were, IDF soldiers
actually looking for these six hostages,
or did they find them
as part of a separate,
mission?
But we
we have been operating above
and underground in that area,
combating terrorists and, searching
in the underground tunnels,
as we've done in recent weeks in Lofa.
And this is an area, I remind you, it's,
less than a mile
from where we found off on the,
the hostage that we were able
to rescue alive a few days ago.
So there was some idea of hostages
being in the area,
but this was not a specific mission
to release hostages.
But,
part of our ordinary,
combat missions against
Hamas above an underground.
So you said that you
believe that they were murdered recently?
can you be more specific
about how recently?
Well, we are still, examining
the information
also operationally in the tunnel
and also examining the bodies.
and this is a process
that might take a while,
and we are personally obligated
to inform the families.
and then we'll have the information
more public.
But according to our initial,
inquiry of the situation,
they were murdered recently
by Hamas terrorists.
They were taken alive from Israel.
They were, living in horrible conditions
for almost a month.
And recently,
they were murdered
by the terror organization.
and we were able to find them, yesterday.
do you have any idea?
And I realize this is early
and obviously,
understandably, very delicate. Delicate.
But do you have any idea, based on,
when and where,
these, individuals
and their bodies were found that
they were murdered.
After hearing or sensing
that the IDF was close by.
Well, I
we will be able to put
that information later,
but I think that that's not the question.
Hamas is a terrorist organization
that came to Israel,
murdered thousands of people
and abducted these
innocent civilian
young people from a party,
and and they murdered them.
And that is
because they're a terrorist organization.
And I think
I would
I would not be the one
looking for reasons from us
for why this this. No.
The terror organization
killing innocent civilians.
One of them, an American civilian.
you all know of
that was was killed brutally. Yeah.
I yeah.
And I just want to make no mistake
about this.
Hamas is a terror organization,
and they are the ones, to blame for this.
I guess the reason I was
asking that question is
whether or not
they were close to being rescued.
That was the basis for my question.
Right.
We're we're operating
and we have a moral obligation
and an operational priority
to bring home their two 101 hostages.
And we are working to bring them home
as we have been able to bring,
a few home one. Right.
just last week.
And we're operating for that
and that that was part of our operation
in that area.
Hoping to find hostages.
And sadly, we found them.
we found bodies,
but we're still operating in
all parts of Gaza,
hoping to find hostages.
There are still many hostages alive.
And that's why
it's important for us
to continue this pressure
and to try and bring them home alive.
Lieutenant Colonel Shoshana,
thank you so much for being here.
And again, we are
just devastated
by the news.
Thank you.
My next guest spoke
forcefully at the Republican convention
in July,
leading the crowd in chants
of bring them home!
Here with me now
are Ronen and Orna
Neutra, the parents of Israeli
American citizen Omar Neutra
held hostage by Hamas.
Thank you so much for being here
this morning.
particularly given the fact that I know
how close you are
to all of the hostage families,
but particularly,
the the Goldberg pollens, the two.
Hirsh and Omar, almost the same age.
Omar is
going to turn 23 next month,
and I can't imagine how difficult
it must be
to watch this news, knowing that
your beautiful son is still in captivity.
It's absolutely right, Dana.
There are no words for us, really,
to comfort all the families.
But specifically, we've become very close
with the Goldberg pollens.
They're like our family.
We've traveled the world with.
We've met together with leaders,
and we're completely devastated
by this news.
You know, we were holding on to this
vision that,
Omer and Hirsch are together,
that they would come out together.
And it's just completely devastating
and a stark reminder to the conditions
that these hostages are being held
in, that this is a terrorist group
that is holding on to them,
and that
things have to work much
faster for them to come out.
Well, on that,
Prime Minister
Netanyahu said he is personally committed
to achieving a deal
to free the remaining hostages.
What is your message to him right now?
You know, Dana, we we
we are just hoping
that he's doing everything he can.
the situation is dire.
It's urgent.
We've seen him
putting all kind of hurdles.
We know the Israeli
people are going out in large numbers
and calling the government
to do
what their job is,
to bring the hostages home.
101 hostage is left.
And, dying there.
And every day is huge
risk for each one of them.
So we we urge him to do what
is tasked to do, in Israel.
but just as well,
we are calling on our leaders here
in United States
to do what they want us to do.
We are calling on President
Biden, on Vice
President Harris
to do everything in their power
to reach a deal
and bring the hostages back.
We were
warning about that kind of situation.
It's such a risky time
for all those hostages.
I mean, Hirsch managed to survive
11 months in captivity.
He lost his arm.
And after all of this,
to be killed a few days,
maybe before a deal.
Yeah, it's it's really devastating.
Really is.
Of course it is.
Or not.
Finally, you say a verse from Psalm 23
every day,
the Psalm of David,
to send your son protection.
Can you share what you say
before we let you go?
You know,
I, I not only say the Psalm, you know,
I pray for my son every single day.
I pray for the hostages,
as did Rachel Goldberg.
You know, we
we feel that we're doing our share.
You know, and and
and praying and advocating
and speaking up for them.
It's time for the leaders
to get this done and get them out.
Enough is enough.
You know,
the families
have been warning about this.
The writing was on the wall,
and this negotiation
has been taking way too long.
They need to come out.
The leaders need to do
whatever needs to be done for them
to come out.
Yeah.
And did I want to remind you,
four American living hostages
still in captivity.
And I want to say their name real quick.
And and Alexander Skyler
Callahan, our son, Omer Neutra and Keith
Segal, who was, 64 year old.
We got to bring them home.
The American administration
need to come up with a plan
to bring their own American home
and the rest of the hostages,
and, of course, the deceased hostages.
And, of course,
bring the three deceased hostages.
Daddy, Judy and Italian.
It's a must.
I hear the desperation
and the pain in your voice.
And,
what we hear, I'm
sure, only pales in comparison
to how you feel in your hearts.
331 is on your stickers, on your
on your shirts.
That is the number of days
your beautiful son has been, in captivity
with others.
Thank you so much for on this
very difficult day coming on
and continuing to press
the way you have been so heroically
for so many months. I appreciate it.